Updates README files (#63)
mobilecoinofficial/mobilecoin: README.md

## Repository Structure
|Directory |Description |
| :-- | :-- |
| [attest](./attest) | Remote attestation primitives. |
| [build-info](./build-info) | Measurements made at compile time. |
| [common](./common) | Items shared across MobileCoin crates. |
| [consensus](./consensus) | Byzantine Fault Tolerant Consensus. |
| [crypto](./crypto) | Cryptography. |
| [enclave-boundary](./enclave-boundary) | Intel® SGX ECALL infrastructure. |
| [ledger](./ledger) | Storage and synchronization for the MobileCoin blockchain. |
| [mcbuild](./mcbuild/) | Tools for building and signing enclaves. |
| [mcconnection](./mcconnection/) | Attested MobileCoin connections. |
| [mobilecoind](./mobilecoind/) | Blockchain daemon and example client code. |
| [peers](./peers/) | Peer-to-peer networking. |
| [sgx](./sgx/) | Support for Intel® Software Guard eXtensions (Intel SGX). |
| [transaction](./transaction/) | Private transactions. |
| [util](./util/) | Testing and bootstrap utilities. |

#### Selected Binaries

> | Target | Description | Nodes |

Reviewer: Maybe rename the column "Nodes" to "Used By" or something?

| [`consensus-service`](./consensus/service) | Validates new transactions for the public ledger.| Validator Nodes |
| [`ledger-distribution`](./ledger/distribution) | Publishes the ledger to long-term storage. | Full Validator Nodes|
| [`mobilecoind`](./mobilecoind) | Synchronizes the ledger and provides the desktop API. | Watcher and Validator Nodes |

## Build Instructions

The workspace can be built with `cargo build` and tested with `cargo test`. Either command will recognize the cargo `--release` flag to build with optimizations.

Some crates (for example [`consensus-service`](./consensus/service)) depend on Intel SGX, which adds additional build and runtime requirements. For detailed information about setting up a build environment, how enclaves are built, and on configuring the build, see [BUILD.md](BUILD.md).

For a quick start, you can build in the same docker image that we use for CI, using the `mob` tool. Note that this requires you to install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/). You can use the `mob` tool with the following commands:

```
# From the root of the cloned repository
./mob prompt

# At the resulting docker container prompt
cargo build
```

> ## Overview

Reviewer: What do you think about moving this out into `OVERVIEW.md` and linking to it from main `README`? Then our README will be more slim

Author: I'm not opposed if a slim README is a goal. I'm also happy with it as it is now.

*Full validator nodes* additionally use the `ledger-distribution` target binary to publish a copy of their computed blockchain to content delivery networks (currently to Amazon S3 only). The public blockchain is a zero-knowledge data structure that consists only of *utxos*, *key images* and block metadata used to ensure consistency and to construct Merkle proofs. To build and run ledger distribution, see the [ledger/distribution](./ledger/distribution) crate.

*Watcher nodes* perform an essential role in the MobileCoin network by verifying the signatures that the *full validator nodes* attach to each block. In this way the *watcher nodes* continuously monitor the integrity of the decentralized MobileCoin network. A *watcher node* also maintains a complete local copy of the blockchain and provide an API for wallet or exchange clients.

To run a *watcher node*, build and run the [`mobilecoind`](./mobilecoind) daemon.

> ## FAQ

Reviewer: What do you think about moving this out to an `FAQ.md`? to make the readme more slim

Author: We discussed this idea previously and decided to keep the FAQ in the main README.

| [consensus](./consensus) | Byzantine Fault Tolerant Consensus. |
| [crypto](./crypto) | Cryptography. |
| [enclave-boundary](./enclave-boundary) | SGX ECALL infrastructure. |
| [ledger](./ledger) | Storage and synchronization for the MobileCoin blockchain. |
| [mcbuild](./mcbuild/) | Tools for building and signing enclaves. |
| [mcconnection](./mcconnection/) | Attested MobileCoin connections. |
| [mobilecoind](./mobilecoind/) | Blockchain daemon and example client code. |
| [peers](./peers/) | Peer-to-peer networking. |
| [sgx](./sgx/) | Support for Intel® Software Guard eXtensions (Intel® SGX). |
| [transaction](./transaction/) | Private transactions. |
| [util](./util/) | Testing and bootstrap utilities. |

#### Selected Binaries
| Target | Description | Nodes |
| :-- | :-- |:--|
| [`consensus-service`](./consensus/service) | Validates new transactions for the public ledger.| Validator Nodes |
| [`ledger-distribution`](./ledger/distribution) | Publishes the ledger to long-term storage. | Full Validator Nodes|
| [`mobilecoind`](./mobilecoind) | Synchronizes the ledger and provides the desktop API. | Watcher and Validator Nodes |

> ## Build Instructions
> 
> The workspace can be built with `cargo build` and tested with `cargo test`. Either command will recognize the cargo `--release` flag to build with optimizations.
> 
> Some crates require additional environment variables to build successfully. For example, the `consensus` crate requires an environment variable "SGX_MODE" to be set for either "hardware mode" or "simulation mode" as well as a variable "IAS_MODE" to indicate the type of attestation service to use. You can find more information in the *BUILD.md* file found in crates that require additional build information.
> 
> To simplify the build process, we provide a tool, `mob` which creates a docker container with the required dependencies, including the necessary versions of SGX and protobuf libraries. You can use this tool with the following commands:
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Build Instructions

This workspace is built with `cargo build`, and tested with `cargo test`.

Some crates depend on SGX, which creates build and runtime requirements. (Specifically, `consensus-service`.)

For detailed information about setting up a build environment, how enclaves are built, and configuring
the build, check out [BUILD.md](BUILD.md).

For a quick start, you can build in the same docker image that we use for CI, using the `mob` tool.
This requires you to install docker.

```

Author: updated - take a look.

Reviewer 2: Perfect - thank you!
